# We Citizens extension for Microsoft Edge

This extension was created for the http://www.wecitizens.be/ association. It
searches for politicians on the web pages you visit, and displays information
about them next to their name. It also links to the politician's entry in the
political directory.


## Installation

The extension is not on the Microsoft Store at the moment.

To install and test it, follow these steps:

1. Open Edge and type *about:flags* in the adress bar.
2. Once there, check the box next to **Enable extension developer features**
3. Close and reopen Edge
4. Click on the three dots in the top-right corner, then on *Extensions*.
5. Click on *Load an extension* and seletc this folder.
6. Then you have access to a toggle in order to display the extension icon.

## Use

The extension is used this way:

* When visting web pages, it spots belgian politicians
* It then adds a small image next to their name
* When hovering the image, a popup is displayed with information about the
politician, or with a list of corresponding politicians if there are multiple
matches.
* It is also possible to click on the extension icon (in the top-right corner).
Every politician that is mentionned in the page and their information are
available there as well. A little badge directly tells you how many were spotted
on the page.
* When reading an online *PDF*, it only displays information in the top-right
corner list.

## Folder structure

This section is adressed to people who want to go one step further, or who want
to modify the extension. Every folder contains *README* files with more
information about their content.

This folder contains these elements :

* **css/**: stylesheets useful for the extension
* **icons/**: icons to be displayed in the top-right corner of the browser
* **lib/**: JavaScript libraries (This extension uses Bootstrap, jQuery and
	PDF.JS)
* **scripts/**: core JavaScript files of the extension
* **utils/**: auxiliary JavaScript files of the extension
* **views/**: the HTML pattern for the extension popup
* **manifest.json**: mandatory for Edge to recognise the extension
* **background.html, backgroundScriptAPIBridge.js, contentScriptAPIBridge.js**:
these are files that were generated by Edge for the compatibility.
